madam
Mr. Gu, Mr. Gu hasn't come back yet
He said he was eating out with someone
That bitch again
You?
What are you still doing?
Pack up
Madam, this is the new worker
Yes, ma'am.
madam
There you are.
Take the money and get out
That's all.
What about the beggar?
Well, how much do you want?
You can say whatever you want.
Three or five hundred thousand first, I bah
You really came with your mouth open?
I don't have that kind of money.
My own son calls others dad outside
You can't give me a mental damage fee.
You can't give it.
I'm looking for Gu Sheng
I just don't know that he is a dignified story president
Do you know that you are a green turtle outside?
Ask someone for a son
Well, as long as you don't show up again
How much do you want?
I'll give it all to you.
Hmm cheers